{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 For most of my professional life, I\'92ve been working as a percussionist, music educator, arranger, and music-communicator. As a performer, I specialize in jazz vibraphone (a xylophone-like instrument with metal bars and a sustain pedal) as well as marching and concert percussion. As an educator, the bulk of my experience has been as a percussion instructor. In particular, I\'92ve been fortunate to work for a few highly respected, nationally-competitive performing arts organizations: Phantom Regiment Drum & Bugle Corps, Matrix Performing Arts, and O\'92Fallon Township High School. These are three organizations whose marching music ensembles not only consistently push creative boundaries, but who also compete at the highest possible levels of their respective circuits (Drum Corps International, Winter Guard International, and Bands of America). I\'92ve been lucky to learn from and teach alongside countless incredible musicians and creative thinkers with these organizations.\
\
In 2021, I\'92ve started down a new path by enrolling in devCodeCamp\'92s Full-Stack Software Development program. It\'92s a big change, but I\'92m extremely excited to take my experiences as a musician and apply what I\'92ve learned to the world of software development. Musicians are creative problem-solvers, and so are developers. I\'92m ready to swap out one set of problems for another, but I know that the way I think about them won\'92t change.\
\
My fianc\'e9 and I currently live in St. Louis, Missouri with our two cats, Lentil and Noodle. We\'92ll be relocating to Philadelphia, PA in July of 2021, and we can\'92t wait to see what\'92s next.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}